Church of All Saints and the Pheasant. The Church of All Saints, Penn of Ai, was
built between 1900 and 1903 by Robert Llewellyn of Court Coleman. The church
was so named because Llewellyn's eldest son was born on All Saints Day, the 1st
of November. It's a grade 2 listed building along with the church lodge and
the school lodge. All three of these buildings were built by Llewellyn between
1898 and 1903 at the former entrance to Court Coleman Manor. Across the road is
the Pheasant Public House, now owned by the Brains Brewery chain. The pub is also
a grade 2 listed building. In an earlier life it was simply T. Mower Farmhouse, a
sub-medieval hall and parlour house built in the 16th century. Then in 1967 the
building was modernized and converted into the public house it is today.